doc(pe): Document policy options (#601)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/plugin-guide/plugin-policy-engine/packages/spinnaker.execution/stages.before/findArtifactsFromResource.md

---
title: "spinnaker.execution.stages.before.findArtifactsFromResource"
linktitle: "findArtifactsFromResource"

> description: "A policy targeting this object is run before executing each task in a findArtifactsFromResource stage."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A policy targeting this object runs before executing each task in a findArtifactsFromResource stage."
```

| `input.pipeline.status`                           | `string`  |                                                                                                                                                   |
| `input.pipeline.templateVariables`                |           |                                                                                                                                                   |

### input.pipeline.trigger

See [input.pipeline.trigger]({{< ref "input.pipeline.trigger.md" >}}) for more information.

### input.stage

See [`input.stage`]({{< ref "input.stage.md" >}}) for more information.

### input.stage.context

| Key                                 | Type     | Description                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `input.stage.context.account`       | `string` | The account containing the deployed manifest for which the the artifact will be retrieved |

> | `input.stage.context.app`           | `string` | The name of the application                                                               |

Reviewer: periods to mathc other items
